---
title: June 06, 2025
subtitle: 07:36 PM
header_type: "hero"
header_img: assets/images/webpage/red.black.hole.jpg
show_comments: false
---
---

### Dear Babii,

Hi, yeah, this is Ange. First of all, I wanna thank you for taking care of me when we're together. Today I dreamed about my childhood crush or teenage crush, Kate Clarisse. I don't know why but it made me feel sad. I remember how our birthdays are just the same date. Today I messaged you Babii through my dummy account and I'm low-key hoping that you'll reply to it even though I said you don't have to. But overall, I'm glad that I messaged you what I felt and hoping that you'll read it someday. Just in case you're wondering what was the message again, I'll write that below this paragraph...

I'm sorry if I included you to my downfall and I hope you'll forgive me for being down at those times. In case you're curious what happened to me this past few weeks, I'm just doing fine, trust me. I'm sorry if I wasted this past few weeks thinking of what could've gone wrong or what we could've become. I wish I spent all those times thinking of celebrating of what memories we made. I hope you're doing okay and you're doing just fine. Always take care of your Nanay and yourself, and maybe remember some of my advice. I wouldn't question you more of the same question why but I hope you'll take good care of Boba the second. That's all, thank you, good luck, and goodbye. I'll keep watching you from far away and you don't have to reply on this dummy account if you don't want to. Until next time, I love you Babii, always...

That's all for today's diary. I love you Babii, always...

\- Ange
