---
title: August 9, 2025
subtitle: 11:11 PM
---
Diary 85

Dear Babii,

Today nothing really happened worth mentioning for I just spent my rest day playing games, hehe. But I'll tell you instead about my dream earlier this morning...

So earlier I dreamed about something. My dream is about me, staying in our house back there in Antique. My dream was kinda short but I remember that I saw my classmates before in that house and I seem to be irritated or I don't know, maybe experiencing a bad psychological effects because of their treatment, hehe. After that, suddenly I saw our electrical outlet starting to create electrical sparks and honestly Babs, even though it's a dream, I was scared. Then suddenly, in an instant, I got electrocuted even though I'm not touching the electrical outlet, my gosh. I tried to run away from our house as fast as I could but the electrocution is still in effect, oh my frickin gosh. Then with just a single moment, I collapsed and still feeling the electricity running around my body. Even though it's a dream Babs, I really really really felt that electrocution, my gosh. Then suddenly, I got unalived in my dream, hehe...

After that, I woke up Babii and still felt my heart beating fast like I was indeed electrocuted, cutie. I prayed, yah, hehe. And that's it, I think I woke up around 4 AM in the morning, I just got cute and woke up, huhu. Tonight I visited on your profile again and reacted on your recent post, yah, sorry for that Babs. Before I finish this day's diary, I just want you to remember Babs to always start your day with a smile. Always take care of yourself and your Nanay. And finally, drink plenty of water. That's it for today's diary. I love you Babii, take care...

\- Ange
