---
title: August 24, 2025
subtitle: 09:49 PM
---
Diary 101

Dear Babii,

Today a lot has happened and I'll be going to rant it all in here. Earlier today I messaged you again about something. My messages was about my mental health right now, of how difficult it is for me since then. I won't disclose again what that is but I hope you read my messages Babs. Today I think I deactivated again that account that I use to message you, I don't know, maybe I'm not myself anymore. After that I cried, I cried so much that the pain inside almost felt like an eternity. So yeah Babs, I think I just wanna rest already from this hell. After that I fell asleep and slept from 4 AM to 5 PM. I also remember Babs that I supposed to be doing something special right now but yeah, I suddenly don't feel anything to do something right now, like I have been drained so much already...

Tonight I visited again your profile and made me smile a little bit because it's not locked anymore. I saw again how beautiful you are and made me feel unusual again. I know this is much but I remember how it hurts so much that I will hear it from you, the person I adore the most, all those hurtful words that I never knew you could say to me. Until now I'm still haunted by the ghost of our memories together, it will, until the very end. And Babs, I don't know if you'll ever read this diary today but I think this will be the last time this year that I'll reach out to you again out of desperation to be seen again. I just hope that someday, maybe someday, there will be a time that you'll wholeheartedly reach out to my presence again, like you really really mean it. The hair clip is still with me Babii and I intend to keep it until the very end, because this is too precious to me. Until now I couldn't believe in myself that all this time I have been lying, lying in secret to myself. Lying that maybe someday you'll definitely see me again, for what I really am. I hope that you will always remember Babii all the reminders that I gave to you. I hope you'll always take care of yourself and your Nanay, always drink plenty of water, don't exhaust yourself sleeping too late, and finally, don't do anything unusual Babii. Somehow I find myself or relate myself to Metamorphosis, the protagonist there, downfall. That's it for today's diary. I love you Babii, sorry for everything that I've done and mostly, sorry for all the things that I could've done. June 12, 2026...

- Ange Yentl

\- Ange
