---
title: June 12, 2026
subtitle: 12:01 AM
---
Diary 150

Dear Babii,

Happy seventh first meetup anniversary, hehe. A lot has happened Bibaa and I'm thankful for all the time that you gave me to properly settle the things out for us. Thank you Bibaa, for enduring it all...

In every time that passes by, I do hope Bibaa that you'll be okay and your own and will definitely continue living because I know you're strong, strong indeed. Honestly Babs, I was thinking for the past few days of what to write, huhu. I'm thinking of writing you how I feel again but I know for sure that I'll just only vent out my feelings again, and that feeling is purely about being melancholic of how we parted ways and I know it'll just ruin the day so I'll be just writing this instead...

I hope you're finally happy and that someone I know is definitely taking care of you no matter what will happen. Honestly, I'm still jealous though, I'll be lying to you if I say I don't feel anything about it anymore, huhu. I hope that person will definitely treat you better because if not, huhu, I'll be sulking more than what I did before, huhu. Bibaa, I hope you already found a job already because I've been worried about your current situation. Please still pursue studying in TesDa or something because it'll definitely help you Bibaa reaching more heights that you'll ever think of. Of course still don't forget to choose to have a proper job first before pursuing such side quests, huhu. Bibaa, I'm still thinking that I really wished wholeheartedly before that you'll live longer than I do so if that ever happens, don't bring me flowers, bring me your stories. Tell me about your future goals, your current struggles, the places you visited or wish to visit, the songs you couldn't stop replaying, or the deepest burden you're carrying. Because Bibaa, the saddest part of finishing this story isn't that I achive nothing at all. It's just that I want you to remember that when you'll ever visit me in that time, treat my place as a museum of all our old selves while the newest version of you continues the journey that I'll never see...

I still think that maybe someday you'll definitely bring back Boba the second to you. I know the cost will be lowering your pride and visiting your family again in Pampanga but please, please take it with you once more. I know what I'm asking is too much but I'm still hoping that if ever that you'll be financially stable already, or maybe just want to have a remembrance of me, or maybe not, but please, please take care of Boba the second for me. Think of it as a part of me that definitely adores you until the very end. I still cry for you occasionally but I think it's a good thing because I know for myself that this feeling, the marionette's feeling, is true and will ever be true as always. I still keep your hair clip with me because it's the proof that I finally gave the ring to you. We both made promises that if ever one of us lost the ring or the hair clip, the one who lost it should part ways. I still remember it Bibaa, I really do. Even though I didn't even promise back, I'll keep your word. I adore you, always...

Babs, like I often say to you before, and keeps reminding you before, please take care of yourself and your Nanay Babii because you know it yourself how you and your Nanay fought your battles in life together, silently. I'm still worried because she got injured before but knowing you, I know she'll be safe and sound because you are one of the person that I experienced being taken me care of, the other one is my Mama, hehe. And as often as I say, please limit yourself in soft drinks and salty foods because you know it yourself, UTI, hmmph. I still hope you'll become a teacher someday, hehe. Because I know for sure that you can as long as you put your mindset in that goal seriously. And also, don't forget to also take care of that person, you know who I mean, hehe. That person really adores you like I also do, so I'm quite sure enough that you'll be fine. And Bibaa, please don't ever do again any stupid things. You know what I mean. If you can just feel how I felt everytime you said you did such. It hurts me so much for days and will eternally hurt me as long as I live. I still believe you'll do your path in a good way and will avoid such stupid things again. Because Babii, it hurts so much that it made me cry every now and then...

I still wanna vent out this whole feelings for you again and say to you again that I wanna rest already but I know it won't ever help you out in any way so please, please adore yourself the way we do to you. Also, I'm still listening to your playlist, hehe, I know it doesn't even matter but still, I like your playlist Bibaa, it makes me remember that I chose you, and will always choose you over and over and over again. I'll be lying if I said that all the photos are deleted already, I made a backup in my Google account already before you deleted it all, you know me, I can't afford to lose the memories I have with you, hehe. Waaah, I'm really sorry Bibaa but I couldn't let you delete it all, it's way too precious to me. If the voicemails from you from my account didn't get deleted, I still keep it all, you know me, I'm that bad when it comes to glimpse of memories that's been left on me...

I will not make this long enough because I know you don't like it reading long messaged, like I did before, I kept begging for you to come back by constantly sending long messages to you, whahaha, that's kinda cringe of me but still, I know for sure that my feelings for you before and until now are genuine and this will always be. Also Babii, I'm sorry if I lied to you that I said to you before that it isn't like that I wanted you back again, like to be with me again. Honestly, it's a lie, a one massive lie that definitely pierced my purest fire again. I really really really adore you, you know it, but when I already know that you're contented already with the person you're with right now, it made me realize that like what I said before, if you still remember, that I can still adore you from far away. I will always cherish all the time we had and will definitely enshrine it all deep inside the marionette's heart. I love you Lovely Angel Cadeliña, I adore you in every other life...

Just in case you still wanna know, I'm doing just fine Babs and will annually write two diaries every year. One in your every birthday and one in every Araw ng Kalayaan, June 12th. And one thing's for sure, I'll definitely visit Jagna once I'm back on my own two feet. It's still my bucket list that to visit your home and see the sunset there. And of course, I'll give my gift to you in a very unusual way possible, you won't even know that it'll be me giving it to you, whahaha. Again, I love you Lovely Angel Cadeliña, always...

\- Ange
