---
title: April 9, 2026
subtitle: 12:12 PM
---
Diary 149

Dear Babii,

Today I'm writing this diary again and I'll also write what happened in the past few days that are worth mentioning. Last last day, I dreamed about me going in Pangasinan which is I don't even know where that is, huhu. Yesterday, it's the day that made me happy because you finally replied to my messages after almost two or three weeks. Yesterday we talked a lot about what's happening with you, of how you're exhausted of what happened...

As what I can recall, first is you got a job as a barista in coffee shop. Next is you lost your job because of family problems that disrupted you from doing or attending your work schedule properly. Next is you submitted or inquired at Tesda a little bit late so it's a cancelled plan now. Next is your cousin's mother went home again and started some bad news again in there which is one of why I kinda despise that person. Next is your things in your bag we're given away by your Nanay which made you sad and frustrated because those things have sentimental value in you. Next is you're frustrated because you're Nanay scolded you to be practical when buying things even though the truth is you're secretly buying something to gift yourself in your birthday...

After finally knowing the truth, I, myself, can't be more frustrated of how you'll handle it all. I'm thankful though that we played our game and enjoyed it a bit for you to vent out your frustrations in the game. I'm thinking Pufferfish of buying you an ice cream on your birthday as my birthday gift and hopefully you'll be happy with it, hehe. There's so much more you haven't told me about your problems because you said it's only one fourth of the problems you've shared to me. I just hope that you'll always continue to start your day with a smile Babs. That's it for today's diary. I love you Babii, always...

\- Ange
