---
title: April 25, 2026
subtitle: 12:00 AM
---
Diary 149

Dear Babii,

Good morning Bibaa, today I wanted to thank God for giving you this birthday and also for making me meet you in this life. I've been scratching up the back of my head for this past few days of how should I write this daily diary, huhu. At first, I wanted to vent out again, yeah, you read that right, vent out because of all of the things that happened to you. I don't know if the right term is vent out or have a sympathy but either way, I really am gloomy today because I'm worried on you. I wanted to say sorry Pufferfish if you felt I'm ignoring or pushing you away that day we last talked. I don't know if you'll ever read my messages there again but I still messaged you why I'm doing this facade on you, hehe...

What I wish for your birthday today is that you'll always keep moving forward even though how hard it is to do it. I can't think of any better gift than what I've prepared in my personal website so I hope you'll like that gift. I think there will be one more diary that I'll write in this year and hopefully you'll read the final page of this chapter when it's done. Always take care of yourself and your Nanay. Don't ever spoil yourself with so much junk foods because of UTI. Always sleep when you know in yourself that you're sleepy already. Drink plenty of water Pufferfish. And lastly, please pursue what you wholeheartedly wanted to achieve. I'll make my presence vanish now from you so that you can always move forward without me holding you back. As long as you're okay Bibaa, that makes me feel more than enough to be happy for you...

Always remember that I adore you and will always choose you over and over and over again. Thanks for all the memories and lessons you gave to me. I really do believe in the last meet up theory so I'll be sure to find you again in another life. When they cry. That's it for today's diary. I love you Lovely Angel Cadeliña, always...

\- Ange
